## Version 0.9.0 (Beta)

### ADDED
* Create dmg installer for Mac build
* Add a new window to allow user to set their defined man page for a command with hint from the db.
* Add GitHub action for Windows build.

### CHANGED
* GUI improvements.
* Reset man page to empty for each load.
* Refactor main window code to make them more readable and maintainable.

### DEBUGGED
* Fix command heightening unable to highlight `&minus;` (a way to represent `-` in html).
* Fix Html not being loaded in some cases.

## Version 0.2.0 (Initial Development)

### ADDED
* Add man pages loader to be able to dynamically download and extract man pages for a given package name.
* Add `man_pages_kv.db` to serve as the kv storage that maps a command to its package name. (They can indeed be different)
* Add html_converter.py to convert man pages to html files, with support for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
* Add Windows binary for `groff`. (Since it cannot be installed on Windows natively)
* Add GUI and logic to get man pages for a command and display the man pages as html.
* Use a Tab to toggle between comment and man pages.
* Add html man pages for core utils
* Support Command Templating and copy to clipboard.
* Create a progress update window to update the progress while downloading packages and extract man pages.
* Add command deletion button to each command in the list.
* Detect user input for CommandBodyBox and CommentBox and create a save button in such events.]
* Add a button beside the command body to copy the command to clipboard.
* Add a button to create a command for the current selected collection.
* Add extract_options() for command model class to extract options(with -- or -) as a list.
* Add unit tests for extract_options() and get_template_variables() for the command model class.
* Add GitHub Action to build executable on Mac

### CHANGED
* Use static images for some buttons.
* GitHub Action for Mac build now build on MACOS 12 to support for more systems.
* Use the App support dir on Mac for /data and /static

### DEBUGGED
* Fix `extract_options` that was unable to identify options start with `--` but contains `-` like `--convert-links`.

## Version 0.1.0 (Initial Development)

### ADDED
* `Command` model with attributes for command string, description, tags.
* `Collection` model to group commands with attributes for name, description, and a list of commands.
* `DataManager` class to handle data persistence (loading, saving, adding, deleting, updating collections and commands).
* Command parsing functionality in Command class to replace variables and handle errors.
* Unit tests for Command, Collection, and DataManager.
* Mock JSON file for testing data loading and saving.
* GUI implementation using CustomTkinter:
    * Main window structure with left and right panels.
    * Collection dropdown list to select collections.
    * Scrollable command list.
    * Custom CommandBox to display commands and tags.
    * Theme toggle button to switch between dark and light modes.
    * Display command and comment in CommandBodyBox and CommentBox when a command is selected from left plane.
* Add new collection button (+) with hover text and logic to add new collections with user input and duplicate name handling.
* Remove collection button (X) with hover text and logic to remove the currently selected collection with a confirmation dialog.
* Implemented "Add/Create Tag" window functionality
    * Added buttons to each CommandBox to open the "Add/Create Tag" window.
    * Created a TagOperation class to handle tag-related operations.
    * Implemented logic to add existing tags to commands and create new tags with user-specified names and colors.


### CHANGED
* Added autogenerated uuid for Command to uniqly identify them.
* Added select button to CommandBox and implemented selection logic.
* Improved command list appearance with custom CommandBox.
* Collection model no longer need `description` filed
* Updated DataManager to include methods for adding, removing, and managing tags.
* Updated unit tests to cover the new tag management functionality in DataManager.


### DEBUGGED
* Resolved tag parsing issue in DataManager.